[Docs] Massive Documentation Cleanup - Continue Porting (#681)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/demos/heartbeat_demo.md

# Heartbeat Demo

![Heartbeat Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2564234/49080419-dda35680-f243-11e8-90d7-6f649d80e03d.png)

## Overview

Alicia has a Heart Monitor device that measures her heart rate and outputs this data in encrypted form.
Since Alicia knows that she may want to share this data in the future, she uses NuCypher to create
a _policy public key_ for her Heart Monitor to use, so she can read and delegate access to the encrypted
data as she sees fit.

The Heart Monitor uses this public key to produce a file with some amount of encrypted heart rate measurements;
This file is uploaded to a storage layer (e.g., IPFS, S3, whatever).

> At some moment, she wants to share this information with other people, such as her Doctor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At some future point, she wants to share this information with other people, such as her Doctor.
```

Once she obtains her Doctor's public keys, she can create a policy in the NuCypher network granting access to him.
After this, her Doctor can read the file with encrypted data (which was uploaded by the Heart Monitor) and
request a re-encrypted ciphertext for each measurement, which can be opened with the Doctor's private key.

This simple example showcases many interesting and distinctive aspects of NuCypher:

>   - Alicia can create policy public keys **before knowing** who can be the potential consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Alicia can create policy public keys **before knowing** the potential consumers.
```
